At the present I go to school, so I am very busy on weekdays. Because of this, unfortunately, I can not help in the house as often as my parents wish. However, I do my best to find the time to clean house. Every morning I get up and without any loss of time, I do my bed and go to the bathroom. Yawning, I wash my face, then I brush my teeth and go to have breakfast. After breakfast, I always wash the dishes myself after me and my family, because my mom and dad leave for work before me. They have no time to wash the dishes. At 8 o clock sharp, I make my way to the school and at 4 on the dot I come back home. On my return, I cook something easy so that I might eat, and then I get down to the lessons. Lessons take me from half an hour to two hours a day. It all depends on how much homework our teacher gives to us. Then I put all the books and notebooks into place and start cleaning my room. Every day I dust. Every other day I vacuum. Sometimes in the evening we go shopping together with dad. From time to time, I help my mom wash, iron and do spring cleaning. But this happens not quite often. On the weekend I rest, meet friends, play in the yard and in the park across the street. She often gets angry with me for this, so I try to study well and make her happy making good progress in studies. TV-set has become a part of our lives many years ago. Watching TV, we learn a lot of information. The most important information coming from TV is certainly news. Thanks to the news we keep track of events of both domestic and foreign policy. However, not all programs are of use to us. Probably on the contrary - they only hamper our development, making us weak and inactive. Therefore, it is impossible to say that TV is 100 boon. So the idiot box with TV shows, does it do more good or harm? Giving a clear answer is impossible. What will happen if we do not turn on TV at all? We wont be aware of what is going on in the world and in the country. You can, of course, learn the news through the Internet, but there are not many people who are used to doing so. Particularly it is true for people over 50. Let us consider another situation. All day long a person lies on the sofa or sits in the armchair and watches the box round the clock. Who will like this kind of lifestyle of couch potato? Answer: nobody! However, this attitude to life also harms the main hero - lazy viewer. Why? Firstly, he is passive, which in future will lead to the deterioration of his health and quality of life. Secondly, he watches everything just channel-hopping. We all know that 90 of the information on television is neither educational nor cognitive. They aim simply to draw the audience attention, not to mention useless ads. If you need to send a parcel or get the parcel, buy stamps and subscribe to a newspaper or a magazine, you need to go to the post-office. You can send not only a telegram, but also a money transfer. Amicable postal workers will always help you do it. They will always tell you how to fill out the form correctly in order to avoid errors. In some buildings of post-offices there are also special windows. You can pay there for various services such as phone, gas bills and electricity bills and so on. These opportunities make life of an ordinary citizen easier. Now you should not waste time on trying to find the right office or bank. Everything is within reach. Just two days ago I went to the post office to send a parcel to my niece. Since I live in Italy for a certain period of time, and my family lives in Germany, I had to resort to the services of the post-office. The fact is that my niece is birthday is in a week, so I wrapped up a package with gifts in advance and sent it to the appropriate address. Postal workers asked me to pass the parcel so that they might weigh it. So did I. Then I paid for stamps that were put on the parcel. Everything went quickly and at the highest level. I was given a check and they wished me to have a good day. There is no point in saying that medicine plays an important role in the lives of all people. The fact that good health is more important than good medicine cannot be denied without doubt. However, what is to do if you suddenly came down with a serious disease? For example you caught somewhere the flu or you caught the bronchitis. That is right! You need to go to the doctor even if the disease does not require surgery. A good doctor will always tell you what to do and what is forbidden to do during the illness. Maybe he will prescribe you some pills or will make you stick to a special diet. I would like to tell you my story. A week ago I got sick with the simple cold and did not want to go to the doctor point-black. But still I had to do it because I needed a medical certificate, which would prove my health to be in a poor state. I was putting off a visit to the doctor to the last. And just two days later I decided to make an appointment. When the doctor saw me, he was shocked. Pale appearance, red eyes, bunged up nose, slurred speech and a high temperature. All these things made him indignant. As it turned out later, it was the flu not just the cold and as it seemed to me. I took blood tests and the doctor told me that I may have slight sequela. If I had come earlier, I could have avoided it. I did not argue with him, but once and for all I vowed to never ignore a visit to the doctor. In recent years it has become very popular to choose clothes exclusively by color. Clothing color now plays a big role in the lives of all dandies and fashionable women. There is even a special system based on the choose of appropriate clothing colors depending on the color of eyes, hair and skin of a person. Assuming, you have dark hair (no matter whether you are a brunette or a chestnut head). In this case your choice may go for black clothes. You can freely experiment with purple and red. If you are a blond or a blonde, then forget about gray. If you decide to wear gray clothes you will be pale and washed-out. For blonds to wear cream, blue, green and brown (not too bright) or pastel colors is more suitable. Nevertheless, it is not universal advice. Many things depend on what color of your eyes and skin is. Of course, color is essential in our lives. However, I believe that the quality of clothes is also very important. Fabric and tailoring this interests me most of all when I buy clothes. What is the use of buying fashionable clothes if tomorrow it will stretch after washing owing to poor quality. Clothes must wear well and of course be fashionable and immaculate. Cinema is an integral part of the social life of people. The movie combines not only stunts, special effects and scenery, but also the genuine art. Many people go to the cinemas in their free time. The movie hasn it become less popular over the last few years, on the contrary now it is increasing its popularity. Over recent years people turned old age and middle age have also become interested in the film industry. Although there is no doubt that the number of young people still prevails in cinemas. Because of the fact that technical possibilities are growing every year, visits to cinemas are under threat. Nowadays you can watch any movie at home, hire any film or watch it online via the Internet. However, the cinemas are not behind the times too. 3D cinema halls are appearing and many other modern things like that. As for me, I will never refuse to go to the movies with my friends extra time. Even if I had my own cinema, I would still never reject the proposal. First of all, due to the fact that any visit to the movies is a great chance to talk with friends and have fun. The most attractive genres for me are comedy, horror movies and fiction. I like foreign movies with fast-moving plot. I am not thrilled with soap operas and TV series. From Monday to Friday I think about weekends OR how I will spend Saturday and Sunday. I do not have many friends, that is why I have to come up with the entertaining ideas for me on my own. I am not a couch potato and hate spending my time only beside the TV-set. I am likely to go somewhere on foot just to have a walk if I have no other plans. Active life captivates me most of all. On Saturday morning I never wake up too late. I had rather wake me up at dawn than lie slugging in a bed till midday. After drinking a cup of coffee, I spend 15 minutes on reading the news about politics. As always they promise to give people high salary and pension but their words speak louder than actions and not the reverse. I do not get upset, drink another cup of coffee and prepare for a journey to the movies. Sometimes I change this plan and go to the exhibition if there is one in my town. I love visiting operas, theaters and plays too, but last Saturday all tickets were reserved in advance. When I came up to a box-office, a ticket seller told me that it was late no tickets left. As a rule, my day off is always full of events. I never get bored and even if there is no place where I might go to, I make an effort to do my best and spend this day productively. I read books or learn something, do sports and make plans for the next weekends.
